Welcome to the README page.

Features:

Batch File: 
You have the option of running the shell with a batch file instead of individual commands.
To do this type the name of your batch file after the shell execution call.
Make sure your batch file exists and you type the name correctly.
The shell will read each line of the batch file and execute commands as needed.

Internal commands:
There are some commands built into the functionality of the shell.
These include: 
cd: Change the directory.
clr: Clear the screen.
dir: Print the contents of the current directory or a user-specified directory.
environ: List the environment variables.
echo: Print the user’s input.
help: Display the user manual.
pause: Pause the shell until the user presses Enter.
exit: Exit the program.

External Commands:
The shell will run any commands bash can run

Standard I/O:
For all commands you can use them as you would in a regular shell.
Type in your input afte the command and the shell will send output to the screen

Input Redirection:
Instead of typing your input for a command you can send it in from a file.
To do this format your command as inputFile > command.
Output will be printed to the screen.
You can use this for all external commands.

Output Redirection:
Instead of the output of a command going to the screen you can print them to a file
To do this format your command as command > outputFile.
If the file does not exist the shell will create it.
If the file already exists and has text in it, the text will be overwritten.
You can chose to append to a file instead with command >> outputFile.
You can use this for all external commands.
You can only use this for the internal comamnds dir, environ, echo, and help

Background Execution:
To execute a command in the background format your command as command &.
This will run the command in the background while the shell continues to run.

Piping:
You can use the output of one command as the input of another command.  
To do this format your command as command1 | command2.
The output of the second command will print to the screen normally.
